docs: Add GitHub Integration docs for self-hosted (#4160)
Flagsmith/flagsmith: docs/docs/deployment/hosting/locally-api.md

If not running our application via docker, you can find gunicorn's documentation on statsd instrumentation
[here](https://docs.gunicorn.org/en/stable/instrumentation.html)

### GitHub Integration Environment Variables

> - `GITHUB_PEM`: create an PEM in your GitHub App, copy and paste it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `GITHUB_PEM`: Create a PEM in your GitHub App and paste it here.
```

Author: Corrected

> - `GITHUB_APP_ID`: your GitHub App Id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `GITHUB_APP_ID`: Your GitHub App ID
```

Author: Corrected

> - `GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET`: Your GitHub webhook secret

Reviewer 2: We probably need to provide more information about how to retrieve these.

Author: I added additional information.

> - `GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET`: your GitHub webhook secret

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `GITHUB_WEBHOOK_SECRET`: Your GitHub webhook secret
```

Author: Corrected
